Previously,
on RuPaul's Drag Race...
You'll transform these gallant
grooms into blushing brides.
I'm not a seamstress.
I'm not cinderella.
I don't have mice to come help
me make this damn garment.
I now pronounce you married.
[Cheers and applause]
I didn't get the goth thing.
Your outfit seemed a little
cocktail party.
The face looks metallic.
Bianca Del Rio, you are the
winner of this week's main
challenge.
Adore Delano, shante, you stay.
Joslyn Fox, sashay away.
Top five!
Fabulous five.
[Laughter]
Let's see what josy says.
Can we all just do a foxy
signoff...
Yes.
Oh.
Together?
Boop, boop.
Mew, mew.
Keep it foxy.
Congratulations to you, young
lady.
I'm the new Trinity!
[Laughter]
You turned out that lip sync,
even though when you took off
your shoes, you looked a little
like the girl from the grudge.
Yeah, I did.
[Laughter]
I kind of hit a slump.
I've been in the bottom two
twice, but I know that I'm not
gonna be in the bottom two
again, 'cause that feeling sucks
donkey cock.
Congratulations, Bianca.
Thank you, my love.
I will send all of you a
postcard from Hawaii, 'cause
remember, you're my sisters.
Bianca is so comfortable
right now, she's practically
just, like, taking a nap on the
couch.
The last time I got cocky about
my position, I wound up in the
bottom two.
I noticed a little Darienne
lake with the potty mouth when
she walked back from being safe.
I'm mad as hell that I'm in
the bottom three.
Did I think I outperformed
Courtney in that challenge?
Yes.
I blame it on that goddamn
doogie howser and his little,
you know, val kilmer knockoff
boyfriend.
Oh!
He's a doctor.
Your daughter should be so
lucky.
Darienne's not quite listening
to the judges, or Ru, or anyone,
for that matter.
She always thinks she does
better than she does.
She's like those friends that go
out with you, and they're like,
"oh, that man's looking at me."
I'm like, "no, he's just looking
at your fucking booger on your
nose, bitch."
That's called delusion, and that
is gonna hurt her.
RuPaul's Drag Race
the winner of
RuPaul's Drag Race receives
a sickening supply of
Colorevolution cosmetics and a
cash prize of $100,000.
With extra special guest judges
khloe Kardashian and Bob mackie!
RuPaul's Drag Race
best woman win
[tires screeching]
[Laughter]
Top five.
We are so close to the top
three, and it's kind of hard to
know what's gonna happen because
it feels like there might be two
people eliminated next, or maybe
they're just gonna bring in
another 14 girls and start over
again.
After, like, the first day of
meeting everybody, I wrote down
in a book--I have proof that I
picked us as the top five.
Seriously?
You are such a liar.
I swear to God.
You are so full of shit.
Well, it was the best of a
bad bunch, really, wasn't it?
[Laughs]
You are starting some shit.
[Alarm blares]
[Gasps] Saved by the bell.
Ooh, girl!
My precious gems, to experience
the sweet smell of success, you
need to be the jewel in my
crown.
Shine bright like a diamond, or
you can just pull my ring
finger.
[Laughs]
Hello, hello, hello.
All: Hi.
Now, in the heat of
competition, a lot of
unexpressed feelings can get
bottled up.
So for today's mini challenge,
I want to do some therapeutic
role playing, and we're gonna
do it...
With puppets.
[Laughter]
Because everybody loves puppets!
Ah!
Now, I wonder who's behind
that wall.
Well, "glory hole-elujah."
It's the scruff pit crew.
All: Woof, woof, woof, woof.
First up, Adore.
Who'd you get?
De LA.
Yay!
My eyebrows have never looked
like that.
Next up, Bianca.
I have Adore.
Adore.
Oh, shit.
Next up, Darienne Lake.
Hee hee hee hee.
Ooh.
[Gasps] I got Courtney Act.
[Laughter]
Next up, de LA.
Who'd you pick?
It's Bianca Del Rio.
[Laughter]
Oh!
Ah.
[Laughter]
All right, Courtney, go on
over.
I hope the hole's big enough.
[Laughs]
It's Darienne Lake!
[Laughter]
All right, girls, on your
mark, get set, drag it up.
Oh.
Ee!
Bianca, you giving it a nice
hog body?
[Laughs] Oh, you think?
You are so evil.
Do you have Courtney's
costume together? [Laughs]
I was hoping that I could get
somebody else to make it for me.
[Gasps] Ooh.
Ooh.
It's interesting that Bianca,
who could have taken any of us
down probably, got the
absolutely easiest to puppet.
I did get the easy one.
Oh, shut up!
What is that supposed to mean?
It's nothing bad.
You're just basically already a
puppet.
Oh!
That is so rude!
No, but you're really easy to
imitate, whereas Bianca is hard
to imitate because I don't
listen to her.
[Laughs]
Oh, my God!
All right, let the bitch-fest
begin.
Hi, Ben de LA creme.
How are you?
"Honestly, like, I'm really
good."
[Laughter]
"It's just I don't understand
why the judges say that my
outfits look costume-y."
[Laughter]
So what do you use to cover
your eyebrows?
"Oatmeal."
[Laughter]
Oh, funny.
I--[Laughs]
I don't know if my eyebrows are
really that oatmeal-y.
"I'll teach you how to cover
up your hog body if you help me
blend."
Okay.
Yeah, I swear, you're amazing
and perfect.
"Thank you."
[Laughter]
Adore, I'm really nervous
because I think you can see
your dirty pantyhose.
[Laughs]
"Party fuck."
[Laughter]
I do have really dirty
tights.
They smell like feet.
I'm too punk to wash my tights.
[Laughs]
"I feel so cool, cool, cool."
[Laughter]
"I'm a libra."
Wow, Courtney, I love your
dress.
"Thank you, dazzle.
I'd love to compliment you on
something, but everything you
wear is so damn hideous."
[Laughs]
"It's not that your clothes
are ugly.
It's just you're misshapen."
[Laughter]
Okay.
Wow, Courtney.
You could probably glue down
that lace front there.
Oh, no, that's just your skin
that's wrinkled.
"Well, I'm the oldest living
twink in history."
[Laughter]
Well, you got that twink body.
You could probably do a couple
of squats to tighten up that
ass.
[Laughs]
"You look like a wallaby."
[Laughter]
Hi, Darienne, how are you?
"Hi, I'm Darienne Lake!"
So, Darienne, tell me, have
you had a fun time on RuPaul's
Drag Race?
"I've had a great time,
Courtney."
What's been your least favorite
part?
"Mm, probably the guest judges."
Oh.
"Neil Patrick Harris hates me."
And what about his boyfriend?
"I told him he could use $1.50
to go ride the bus."
I'm finding it really hard to
make you funny, Darienne.
It's just like real life.
[Laughter]
"I'm gonna go check the Internet
for some jokes.
I don't have any wi-fi here, so
I'm finding it very difficult to
be funny."
[Laughter]
Hi there, Bianca.
How are you doing today?
"Terrible!
These people are a bunch of
assholes!"
[Laughter]
Oh, well, Bianca, what a thing
to say.
"Baloney!"
Now, Bianca, your dress looks
gorgeous today.
"Well, thank goodness, because
i have 50 of the same dress in
different fabrics."
[Laughter]
Bianca, tell me a little bit
about how you're feeling in this
competition.
"All these people are idiots and
assholes!
Adore's an idiot!
De LA's got a stupid voice!
Santino's asshole is loose."
[Laughter]
Oh, Bianca.
Looks like your lace front is
coming off.
"Baloney!
I have no problems!
I live in New York!
I work all the time!"
[Laughter]
"Baloney!
Ah!
Assholes!
Ah!"
[Laughter]
nice work, my little lamb
chops.
The winner of today's mini
challenge is...
Ben de LA creme.
Yay!
I knew if I hitched myself to
this wagon, it would pull me
somewhere.
[Laughs]
Baloney!
For this week's main
challenge, the house of RuPaul
is throwing the first ever
glitter ball.
[Gasps]
You need to serve three
distinct looks.
First category is banjee girl
bling.
Ooh.
Second category is platinum
card executive realness.
And the last and shiniest of all
category is...
Dripping in jewels eleganza!
So that means that it's
another costume challenge.
Holy shit.
Now, using all these
sickening stones provided by
fierce! Drag jewels and
materials from the fabric planet
wall, I expect you to "sparkle,
neely, sparkle."
Ben de LA creme, you won the
mini challenge, so you get to
assign the jewel tones.
There's diamond, Ruby, topaz,
sapphire, and rose quartz.
Rose quartz?
I think I went to Hebrew school
with her.
[Laughter]
Gentlemen, start your engines,
and may the best woman win.
We have to come up with three
looks.
One of them has to be from
scratch.
And we've got, like, a day to do
it.
The heat is on.
Ugh!
I just get really, like,
discouraged and, like,
frustrated.
[Laughs]
Come on, diamond.
Oh.
For today's main challenge,
we're getting ready for the "all
that glitters ball."
We need to create three distinct
looks: Banjee girl bling,
platinum card executive
realness, and dripping in
jewels eleganza in our
designated jewel tone.
Ugh!
You all right?
I'm just having some
in the past, we've had to create
one look for the runway, but
this is three separate looks.
Everybody is pretty worried
about this challenge, except, of
course, Bianca Del Rio.
I like this to start with.
She's kind of the marker you
have to be looking at.
Because she has the sewing
skills, she can just bang things
out a lot faster than the rest
of us can.
That's pretty.
Yeah.
Fuck off.
So wait a minute.
What made you pick me as
sapphire?
I didn't feel like any of the
colors were positives or
negatives.
I thought the only one that was,
like, sort of especially easy
was diamonds, which is why I
threw it to Adore.
Really?
Why not just give her cement
shoes and throw her in the
water and give her something
really rough?
'Cause she's not an evil
cunt.
I mean, this is a
competition.
So?
Bitch!
I wouldn't throw you under the
damn ocean.
Only an insecure bitch would say
something like that.
It is a competition, but you
don't have to sabotage anybody
on the way there.
Am I being hateful by saying
that?
No, you're being real.
And that's what I am, a-real.
And your real self is
hateful.
People say that I'm being
mean, but I'm in this for a
crown and $100,000.
You help yourself before you
help others.
Hello, hello, hello.
Hello, hello.
How are things in the
jewelries district?
I'm stoned.
[Laughs]
Adore Delano.
Hi, Ru.
All right, so what are you
thinking about for your dripping
in jewels eleganza?
I was thinking of just, like,
bejeweling the hell out of this.
Yeah.
But I want--I don't know.
I have, like, so many ideas,
and that's the thing.
Like, I think, like, of so many
things, and I just really want
to get it, like--it done.
What can you show the judges
to let them know that you are
top-three material?
I just think, like, what I
had in the beginning or
whatever, like, it kinda got
lost.
I just get really, like,
discouraged and, like,
frustrated.
[Crying]
I don't want to be, like, the
chiona, like, that cries all
the time, but it just pisses me
off because I feel like I'm so
talented, like, in other things,
so it's, like, why can't, like,
my brain, like, allow me to
make a fucking dress?
Right, right.
It's, like, I don't want to
lip-sync again.
I came here to be, like, top
three and to fucking win it.
Right, right.
You know, one of the notes that
I've given you a lot is that you
have to learn to apply your
great things, like in the
rapping or the singing.
You have to apply what you have
there into the other challenges.
Right.
Put it in this fucking dress.
You hear what I'm saying?
Yeah, I do.
All right, Adore.
You get back to work.
Thanks.
Sorry for crying all the time.
Emotions don't scare me.
[Laughs]
Thank you, Ru.
All right.
All right, y'all.
Hi.
I'm on the d.L.
Mm, yo, yo.
Now, you know, in the past,
the judges have come after you
for this or that.
How do you feel about the
judges' critiques?
You know, I feel I'm
listening, and I'm kind of
getting it, and, like, trying to
really grow from it.
[Scoffs]
You know, I mean, as large
as I am, I still have room to
grow.
[Laughs] Don't we all?
Mm-hmm.
So why is it, do you think,
you haven't won more challenges?
I think it's because it's,
like--partially, I think it--
why haven't you won more
challenges?
[Laughs] I know.
Because there's always a little
something off with me.
You got to win some
challenges, you know.
Look at those fine-tune things
that you think the judges might
come after you for.
Yes.
All right, you get back to
work.
Thank you so much.
De LA.
Hi, Ru.
Now, you haven't won a
challenge since Snatch Game.
Yeah.
What are you gonna do to get
to the top of the heap this
time?
What are you thinking for your
eleganza?
I've been thinking about the
film what a way to go.
Oh, what a way to go, yes,
uh-huh.
Yeah, and there's all those
just, like, insane cocktail
party dresses.
Yes, yes.
I'm trying to channel that
kind of feel.
Oh, I love that.
That sounds great.
The last two challenges, I
was, like, this close to
winning, but I'm not gonna be
second this time around.
Bianca can make the most
Broadway-rific costume.
I am going to figure out a way
to make something that the
judges are going to be wowed by.
All right, my rhinestone
cowgirls, gather around.
Now, tomorrow two of my extra
favorite guest judges will be
returning.
The shining star of TV's royal
family, khloe Kardashian, will
be here.
[All clapping]
And fashion's most dazzling
designer ever, the one and only
Bob mackie.
I Adore Bob mackie.
He's designed for everyone:
Cher, diahann carroll,
Diana Ross, Liza minnelli,
Barbara Streisand in funny lady.
He's done everything.
Oh, and, um, just one more
thing.
Oh, here we go.
Yeah.
In addition to creating three
ball looks, you'll be putting on
the glitz in a flawless opening
number.
Now, de LA, you won the mini
challenge, so you're in charge
of choreography.
Oh.
[Laughter]
The only time I've seen de LA
dance is during her lip sync,
and if I recall, she did bear
similarities to a rubber
chicken.
Good luck, my precious gems,
and don't fuck it up.
I hate that.
Oh, no.
What if we did this?
Rubies and emeralds
and dah, dah, dah, dah
and then we're all in a row.
Why don't we just do our own
thing?
Um, it'd be good to just have
one boss, not five.
[Chuckles]
[Laughs]
Rubies and emeralds
always wear a jewel
let's get this shit over
so in addition to creating
three looks for the all that
glitters ball, we also have to
create and choreograph an
opening number.
Um, all right.
Is anybody specifically, like,
choreography inclined?
I can do it and do it easily.
Okay.
It's definitely a lot of
pressure to be in charge of this
choreography.
I'm definitely going to get all
the help I can get from Courtney
'cause Courtney has done more
choreography than I have.
Darienne, do you want to
stand here?
Adore, do you want to stand
here?
And I think if we're all on
profile looking out with, like,
our stoles around our necks.
Then that's when de LA will
come sort of bursting through
the middle sort of thing.
Okay.
What if we did this?
What if we're all here, and then
on our lines...
Rubies and emeralds
and dah, dah, dah, dah
and then we're all in a row.
Or we could even do, like,
you know, the house down, and
just, you know...
Oh, yeah.
Get rid of our things so we
don't have to hold onto these.
Yeah.
Can we just throw them?
Um--
it's challenging when there's
five people trying to
choreograph a number.
Like, everybody's throwing their
few cents in.
It'd be good to just have one
boss, not five.
[Chuckles]
all:  forever wear a...
Je-e-ewel
oh.
[Laughs]
Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh, no.
I hate that.
It's too fast.
The ending seems like we
drank caffeine and went to a
zumba class.
Very that.
Why don't we just do our own
thing?
Because I think we're trying
to look polished and--
[Laughs]
Well, because then, like,
okay.
All right, you guys, we've
only got, like--we've only got
a few minutes left, so let's
just go--
let's try it, let's try it.
Courtney, God bless her soul,
but ain't nobody got time to be
learning how to do pirouettes
and...All this shit.
It's like, "bitch, I need to get
this dress done."
Rehearsal didn't go smoothly,
so now, the mood in the room is
just focus.
There's no room for error
because this challenge is gonna
determine who's in the top four,
and the odds are getting
narrower and narrower.
I hate you so fucking much.
[Sighs]
Darienne, you all right?
I'm horrible, couldn't be
worse.
What happened, Darienne?
Well, I'm starting over at
zero.
Changing it?
Yeah, I have to.
I'm going with a whole new
dress, whole new fabric, whole
new everything.
I did a dress, but it's not
really saying, "dripping in
jewels eleganza," so now I'm
starting all over at square one.
What the fuck am I thinking?
I'm fucked.
[Sighs]
How you doing over there,
Adore?
So far, I think so good.
So after talking to Ru, it's
fucking definitely game on.
Like nuts to the guts, balls to
the walls.
But I'm still not a seamstress,
and Jesus knows that, so it's
kinda so much pressure!
Ugh!
I wanted to just drench this in
diamonds.
Well, you have a lot of
rhinestones.
Kinda, yeah.
What about that pretty stuff
under your table?
That?
Yeah.
I was gonna use that as a
tutu, but I don't know how.
Why don't you gather that up?
Gather it up?
Wait, I'll show you.
What you really could do is cut
it evenly to a length, okay,
and gather it on top.
Uh-huh.
I think Adore is struggling
in this challenge 'cause she
really doesn't know how to
execute costumes, much less her
tulle.
She can't even spell it.
You're supposed to cut it in
strips, and just glue it like
that, right?
Oh, no, not like that.
It looks ugly.
Yeah, it does.
[Laughs]
I don't know how to make a
fucking tutu.
I look at Adore's dress, and
I'm like, "okay, I think I'm
safe, thank God."
Oh, you mean, like, wrap it
and then--I don't fucking make
clothes.
Adore has been in the bottom
not once, but twice.
She's here by the skin of her
teeth.
If she can't deliver on another
challenge, it's gonna be hard
for Ru to keep her in the game.
[RuPaul's covergirl]
[Laughs]
cover girl
put the bass in your walk
head to toe
let your whole body talk
and what?
Welcome to the main stage of
RuPaul's Drag Race.
Michele visage, are you ready to
oh, honey, when have I not
been?
[Laughs]
And Santino Rice, Drag Race
family jewel.
What? What?
A kiss on the hand may be
quite continental, but
Bob mackie is a girl's best
friend.
Welcome back.
Thank you, Ru.
And Hollywood glitterati,
khloe Kardashian.
Ahoy, Matey.
Ahoy, captain.
We are so excited you came
back.
Thank you, I love being here.
This week, our queens were
challenged to bling it on by
creating three dazzling looks.
Are you ready for some ballroom
glitz?
Whoo-hoo!
Ready.
Gentlemen, start your
engines, and may the best woman
win.
I like the last one the best,
and I didn't even like it.
If you're gonna shimmy and
show us your cakes, you have to
have cakes.
[Laughs]
[Show tune-style music]
rubies and emeralds
and diamonds and pearls
gemstones and rhinestones
for glamorous girls
moonstones
and bloodstones
can highlight her curls
so why not be
completely fierce
all:  the house down
a glance through
the playbook
of elegant broads
will show you how they do
the style and the guys
a fine jewel can change
any trash from the street
into something elegant
all:  that no bitch
can beat
so why not look your best
like Liz Taylor or mae west
all:  or Marilyn Monroe
there's so many things
a gal can be
intelligent
or totes carefree
a princess
or a biker chick
a lawyer
or a redneck hick
and even if
you ain't got style
there's one important rule
all:  always and forever
wear a je-e-wel
El
[laughs]
[All clapping]
welcome to the glitter ball.
Category is...
Banjee girl bling.
First up, Ben de LA creme.
Living LA vita loofah.
[Laughter]
I'm showing the judges how
de LA hits the streets.
Dang, baby fat.
He's a blue Jean baby mama.
Up next, Adore Delano straight
from east L.A.
[Laughs]
Work, honey.
Yes.
I'm channeling all the girls
i grew up with in high school.
I'm having a party with this.
Ladyboys in the hood.
Tip one out for the homies.
[Laughs]
Up next, Bianca Del Rio.
Uptown banjee.
Yes.
I love it.
Very chic.
I'm giving Mary j. Blige,
'90s realness uptown.
I didn't know Lucy Ricardo
was a banjee girl.
[Laughs]
Up next, Darienne Lake.
Is she really there, or is it
a hologram?
Taste the rainbow, honey.
I am just giving you all that
i think is my ghetto fabulous.
She totally blew her hair
out.
[Laughs]
Courtney Act.
Madonna meets nirvana.
I'm feeling pretty banjee.
I've got my boyfriend's flannel,
and I feel like I could cut
someone.
The wrong side of the reef.
Oh!
Work.
Totally smells like queen
spirit.
Category is...Platinum card
executive realness.
Ben de LA creme.
Ooh.
She's serving big business,
starring Bette midler.
My platinum card executive
realness character, she's a lady
who looks like she could buy and
sell you over lunch.
She's the president of
pink, inc.
You're fired.
[Laughs]
Adore Delano.
Jane from human resources just
got slutty.
[Laughs]
My executive realness look is
sexy lesbian, but she still
sleeps with men on the weekends.
Very that.
It's a lipstick lesbian
jungle out there.
Bianca Del Rio.
It's a power bottom.
I mean, a power suit.
[Laughter]
I'm am serving real estate
agent realness.
Wouldn't you want to buy
property from me?
Very c.E.--Oh, no, she better
don't.
Darienne Lake, lady boss.
Accounts payable.
[Laughs]
My platinum card executive
realness, she's a music
executive.
She's not gonna wear some blazer
and separates.
No, honey.
Does she sing with her
mother?
[Laughter]
Courtney Act.
Is she giving us the
finger...Wave?
[Laughter]
I am the head of the world's
most fabulous magazine.
Anna wintour, eat your heart
out.
Talk about blonde ambition.
Category is...Dripping in
jewels eleganza!
Ben de LA creme in rose quartz.
Everything's coming up roses.
My look is a little can-can.
It's a little pinup.
Like a tall glass of
sparkling rose.
Adore in diamonds.
Mmm.
Blade runner eleganza!
Yes, Darryl Hannah.
I look like a really cool
diamond princess that just broke
out of a globe, but now she
needs a prince on her shackle.
Adore in the sky with
diamonds.
Bianca Del Rio in sapphire.
Ladyboy sings the blues.
I'm giving you upper eastside
eleganza.
I'm feeling grand and regal.
Her ass is on sapphire.
[Laughter]
Darienne Lake in topaz.
Bronze goddess.
I am giving you a touch of
slave princess Leia.
Glamour from head to topaz.
Courtney Act in rubies.
Work it, honey.
Red alert.
I'm covered from nose to lace
front in red sparkling glitter.
Red, fulfilled.
Now sissy that walk.
Welcome, my precious jewels.
It's time for the judges'
appraisals.
First up, Ben de LA creme.
I was confused by your banjee
girl.
I loved the outfit.
I'm into, like, hoochie mama it
up.
I just did not get the tulle.
It was more distracting than
anything.
As far as your executive
realness, that's the one I had a
problem with.
I don't believe that you're
gonna run any business dressed
like that.
It was a cocktail dress.
You look beautiful in it, but
that's not what the category
was.
I'm always hoping that you
surprise me, and this week, you
didn't really do that.
Next up, Adore Delano.
Dripping in diamonds.
Frickin' Adore.
Hi.
For real?
What?
You made me so happy tonight,
I could kiss you!
Oh, my God.
Are we gonna tongue?
[Laughter]
Kids, that was how you do a
banjee girl look.
You killed it.
Phenomenal.
Love the attitude.
I would wear those boots and
nothing else.
I do it, I vacuum in them.
Honey, I would too.
[Laughs]
This goofy thing you have on
now is just perfect.
[Laughs]
Your wig and your skirt are
like sisters.
They look the same shape
exactly.
Yes!
I just loved the whole thing.
It made me really laugh.
So during the walkthrough,
you had an emotional
breakthrough, and it showed on
stage.
Well, the thing is, I had an
epiphany when I was taking a
bathtub.
[Laughs]
Right.
I was just like, "you know
what?
Like, no more chiona ass shit."
Right.
"You're in season six."
"It's game time."
Fucking party.
I'm excited.
All right, up next,
Bianca Del Rio in sapphire.
That's a good drag name.
[Laughs]
Sapphire!
I like your executive outfit.
I've known that woman.
She's really all business.
But this last one looks, to me,
like a bar mitzvah mother.
[Laughter]
I'd just like to take off at
least one of those ruffled
things.
Last time I was here, you did
a similar silhouette to the
dress that you're wearing now.
Yeah.
I wish I could see something
different.
Next up, Darienne Lake in
topaz.
The banjee girl.
What?
Darienne, that was more rave.
Like, there was nothing street
to me.
Executive realness, didn't buy
that either.
Where?
Jiffy lube?
Now, this look, that topaz color
looks beautiful on you.
What's bothering me is that it's
droopy.
Those jewels are heavy.
And your fabric is
stretching.
That's what it is.
Right.
I was going for that sort of
slave princess Leia thing, but I
ended up looking more like if
her and jabba had a baby.
It's unfortunate, 'cause the
concept is there, but it was
just not a very successful set
of looks that we saw from you
tonight.
Next up, Courtney Act in
rubies.
Your banjee girl, to me, not
banjee.
What we got was, like, rocker
chick wearing my boyfriend's
flannel shirt.
I had gold bamboo hoop
earrings, Michelle.
Girl, bamboo earrings does
not a banjee girl make, and if
you're gonna shimmy and show us
your cakes, you have to have
cakes.
There was pads in there.
Girl, it was so small.
You need to pad more.
Okay.
Go rob a couch.
[Laughter]
This is my favorite of the
eleganza looks.
It's one of those effortlessly
chic gowns that you would see on
the runway of a lot of different
designers.
Ladies, I hate to tarnish
this shining moment, but I must
ask, which one of you should go
home tonight?
Oh, God.
And why?
She frequently assumes she is
doing better than people from an
outside perspective might see.
Whatever, queen.
[Laughs]
Ladies, I must ask...Which one
of you should go home tonight?
And why?
Let's start with de LA.
I think Darienne.
Everyone else who's here has
really shown an ability to hear
critique and adjust, and some
folks, like Bianca, just sail
through, but Darienne, I think
she frequently assumes she is
doing better than people from an
outside perspective might see.
All right, thanks, de LA.
Adore Delano.
I feel, based on this
challenge, Darienne.
Bianca Del Rio.
If it's about this particular
challenge, I would have to say
Darienne.
And you know I'm not gonna lie
to you.
I know.
Which is why I'm called a
bitch, and apparently, I'm
sailing now.
Is that a bad thing?
Whatever, queen.
Why is that an insult?
I should pick your ass just
for being a cunt.
That was, like, you're good
at stuff.
Yeah, yeah, no, that was
very condescending.
[Mocking laugh]
Darienne Lake, same question.
I think, Darienne, you
should really go home for what
you have done today.
Think about what you did, and
realize the criticism.
Who I think should go home?
Whoever does not lip-sync for
their life.
Okay, Courtney Act.
Coming into this competition,
I earmarked Adore as being
top three, and over the last
few weeks, she's kind of tripped
and stumbled, so I think that
she would be the next one to go,
but I guess, based on tonight's
comments, I'm gonna say
Darienne.
So your answer is Adore and
Darienne?
[Laughter]
Thank you, ladies.
While you unwind in the untucked
lounge, the judges and I will
deliberate.
Just between us rhinestoners,
what do you think?
Let's start with Ben de LA
creme.
Well, you know, with Ben de
LA, my issue is she's not
memorable.
I totally did not even realize
she was in the opening act, and
I think how she makes stuff
looks cheap.
I agree.
Most of what she wore was not
very successful.
I liked rose quartz the best,
and I didn't even like it.
[Laughs]
It's like an old Betty grable
outfit.
I actually thought it was
cute, kind of pony, showgirl
look for Ben de LA, but
something we have seen many
times before.
At this stage in the game, I
don't know if we're every gonna
get anything different than what
we've gotten from Ben de LA.
All right, let's move on down
to Adore.
I loved Adore.
Anyone could wear an outfit,
not everybody could carry it,
and I think Adore, no matter
what look she did, she embodied
that personality.
I agree.
I mean, it's not so much that
her looks were so much better
than everyone else's, but she
sold 'em to us.
Yeah.
It wasn't just a girl in an
outfit.
I was amused all night by her.
With that said, I'm not sure
I would have noticed Adore in
the opening number if she
hadn't tripped every time.
[Laughter]
Moving on, Bianca Del Rio.
Bob, I'm surprised you didn't
like her sapphire dress more.
No, I didn't.
It wasn't new or interesting or
old-time glamour even.
I just didn't get it.
But the things she did this
week, none of 'em were so off
the mark, and her execution is
on point to her vision.
Let's move on down to
Darienne Lake.
She did a great
Marilyn Monroe, and then, we
didn't slowly descend.
We crash-landed.
[Laughter]
I have no idea what she was
thinking for really any of the
looks.
The banjee look is so
unflattering.
And then the shoes were just
the friggin' cherry on top.
Where did you buy them?
W--hello?
The michelin man shoes?
Throw them away.
[Laughs]
But she's got a great
attitude.
She knew that she had missed the
mark, and I'd rather that than
somebody go like, "no,
everything I did was great, and
I'm perfect."
All right, let's move on to
Courtney Act.
I'm getting, dare I say,
bored with this pretty thing.
Like, the red outfit was a
pretty piece of fabric with a
pretty bra.
It's coasting now.
She does rely on that, but
that's who she is.
She is beautiful.
$100,000.
Give me something.
You know, as simple as her
eleganza look looks, it took
time in finessing, and it
wasn't just--
I'm surprised you're saying
that because you're the one
who's like...
Okay?
"It's unfinished, you know,
you don't have a hem."
Yeah, but she--
he wants to say whatever I
say, the opposite.
No, I don't.
I don't care what you say.
[Laughter]
I'm just sayin--I say whatever,
but I really feel it's really
funny how you really dislike
that look.
I don't dislike it.
I thought, "I don't know what
her--"
I just think it's basic.
Silence!
I've made my decision.
[Laughs]
Welcome back, ladies.
I've made some decisions.
Bianca Del Rio, you're safe.
Adore Delano, tonight, you had
an epiphany, and we had a ball.
Condragulations, you're the
winner of this week's challenge.
[All clapping]
Oh, my God.
You've won a drag-tastic
costume from kicka custom
designs.
I just won a sewing
challenge.
I'm really, really proud of
myself.
Darienne Lake.
As Marilyn, you
"boop-oop-a-doop-ed," but on
the runway, your eleganza just
drooped.
I'm sorry, my dear, but you are
up for elimination.
Ben de LA creme, your classic
de LA silhouettes didn't keep
the glitter ball rolling.
Courtney Act, your beauty is
flawless, but your outfits
lacked clarity.
Courtney Act...
You're safe.
You may join the other girls.
Ben de LA, I'm sorry, my dear,
I have been in this exact
position before, lip-syncing
against Darienne Lake, but
we're not gonna get saved a
second time.
Somebody is going home tonight.
Two queens stand before me.
Ladies, this is your last chance
to impress me and save yourself
from elimination.
[Dramatic music]
the time has come for you to
lip-sync for your life.
good luck, and don't fuck it
up.
You know the bed
feels warmer
sleeping here alone
you know I dream in color
and do the things I want
you think you got
the best of me
think you've had
the last laugh
bet you think
I really, really want to be
in the top four.
I've earned this, and I don't
want to go home.
think that I'll come
running back
baby, you don't know me
'cause you're dead wrong
what doesn't kill you
makes you stronger
stand a little taller
doesn't mean I'm lonely
when I'm alone
what doesn't kill you
makes you stronger
this song is speaking to me
right now.
Wounded or not, I'm gonna come
back swinging, and that's what
I'm doing.
what doesn't kill you
makes you stronger
stand a little taller
doesn't mean I'm lonely
when I'm alone
you heard that I was
starting over
with someone new
they told you I was
moving on
over you
you didn't think
that I'd come back
I'd come back swinging
you tried to break me
but you see
what doesn't kill you
makes you stronger
stand a little taller
doesn't mean I'm lonely
when I'm alone
whoo!
[Laughs]
[All clapping]
Wow.
Ladies, I've made my decision.
[Dramatic music]
Darienne Lake...
Shante, you stay.
You may join the other girls.
De LA.
Girl, I love you, and I expect
great things from you, 'cause
the cream always rises to the
top.
Now, sashay away.
[Applause]
I am disappointed to be going
home sooner than I would have
liked to, but I feel proud of
myself, and I've learned a lot
being here.
Ru, you taught me what drag was.
Thank you.
Thank you for seeing something
in me.
This has been a pretty
incredible experience.
My final four queens, one
challenge stands between you and
victory.
Remember, if you can't love
yourself, how in the hell you
gonna love somebody else?
Can I get a amen in here?
All: Amen!
All right, now let the music
play.
[RuPaul's dance with "u"]
I wanna dance, dance
dance with you